well howdy there no people it's Bo again
so today we're going to talk about
voting and philosophies and Biden and
whether or not you should vote we're
gonna do this because they got two
questions back-to-back and they're
coming from opposite ends of the
spectrum but at heart they're really
kind of the same question even though
they're framed very very differently at
their core both of them are saying
please give me a reason to vote for
Biden and that doesn't really come as a
surprise there's not a whole lot of
people watching this channel that are
looking at Joe Biden going that's my man
me and him we aligned on policy issues
I'm co-signing this guy he's he's going
to represent me the way I want to be
represented probably not a whole lot of
people thinking like that there are even
fewer looking at the current
administration and saying we need four
more years of that so it's put people in
a unique spot but it's not unique it
fills unique but the reality is this
lesser of two evils voting it's what we
normally end up with in the United
States you know we got 300 million
people and these are the two we wind up
with okay so before we get further
this is a unique channel in the sense
that we have a lot of people who are
coming from a place of standard US
political philosophy watching this
channel we also have a lot of people who
are coming from a more radical
philosophy it might surprise those who
are coming from within the norm to know
that once you get outside of that and
you get further into some of the
branches some of those philosophies
voting is taboo it's not something you
do and the reasoning behind
is when you vote you are lending your
consent to be governed and you are
morally responsible for anything that
your candidate does so if your candidate
decides to drum up support in your
election time your re-election time by
doing something bad that's on you you're
responsible for it that's how the
philosophy works one of these questions
is coming from that angle and one is
coming from the the standard philosophy
within the United States and that's the
one we're going to start with what if in
this upcoming election we start looking
at the candidates as a whole as opposed
to just the candidate for example yes we
know Joe we know his resume etc but what
about the people he may bring to his
administration and the idea is hey maybe
we get a Secretary of Education that
actually knows something about education
wouldn't that be nice you know
this one's easy if you fill it is your
social responsibility to vote if you're
one of those people who is going to vote
yeah that should absolutely play into
your your thought there because when you
look at Trump and you look at Biden
you're right on character levels and
stuff like that one's a better speaker
but they're there's not a lot of
tangible differences so that's going to
make it hard to make a decision based on
that however the people they would bring
into their administration or the people
they have in their administration the
difference is there are huge huge
massive massive so it should definitely
play into your thought on that in your
decision-making
now the other one is a little bit more
difficult to answer
I've never voted for any Democrat
politician as president I voted for
Barney in the primary as a compromise as
he best represents how I feel I'm
struggling to come up with reasons to
vote for Biden his voting history is
right-of-center to me obviously he's
better than Trump but that's not saying
much do you plan to vote for Biden do
you think somebody with a radical
philosophy do you think it's wrong for
them to vote okay so I would suggest and
to answer the question about do I think
it's wrong for for people of those
philosophies to vote
yeah the principles the morals you don't
you don't that's the philosophy however
most people who believe in one of those
philosophies they want everybody to get
a fair shake they want everybody to have
some form of representation and they
want an egalitarian society now if
you're somebody like me you look like me
you you have the privileges that I have
you live your life the way I do the
difference between Biden and Trump on a
personal level how it's gonna impact you
directly there's not one there really
isn't Biden or Trump neither of them are
going to impact me directly but
what about kids in camps Biden is
probably going to get rid of the Morse
the most horrible stuff going on down at
the border if you think all of that's
going to go away when Biden takes office
if Biden takes office it won't it won't
he'll put a kinder gentler face on it
but a whole lot of it is gonna continue
to happen it's not all gonna go away but
the most horrific stuff would harm
reduction for those people what about
people who identify differently or have
a different orientation people who have
been scapegoated by this administration
to them it probably matters a lot if
there was somebody who identified
differently who was part of one of those
philosophies I would not look down on
them for voting in self-defense and I
certainly wouldn't look down on somebody
who decided to hand them their vote and
vote in favor of their interests the
whole not voting thing in a lot of ways
has become an ideological purity test
and in a lot of ways it's it's the the
in thing to do
why don't vote okay you're sticking to
those morals that's your philosophy cool
I can respect that I can't I can also
respect somebody who is moving in the
fitt in the realm of harm reduction for
people who are marginalized because that
also does fit within the philosophy
if you're wanting to reduce harm that
that's how you create the society that
that most of those philosophies want so
I wouldn't look down on either you know
and I don't as far as who I'm voting for
or if I'm voting or whatever I don't do
endorsements I don't tell people how to
vote I don't think that it's ethical or
moral for me to do that I give you the
best answers I can but as far as
advising on that I can't it's a moral
decision you have to make on your own
that's why voting is done in secret a
the social responsibility there is to
vote your conscience your conscience
tells you not to vote it's what it tells
you if your conscience tells you you
understand it's it's not what your
philosophy dictates but these people
need help I wouldn't object to that
either I I don't like the lesser of two
evils voting but it's not something it's
not something I see is a horrible thing
when you're talking about people that
are marginalized and targeted and stuff
like that even though Biden is not my
man I've said that from a beginning I
really think it's important that Trump
loses I'm not really a support or a
bikie but I think it's very important
for the country that Trump loses and not
just because it's Trump that
administration has targeted and
marginalized a lot of people scapegoated
them made them the enemy
I think it's very important for those
people to see those ideas rejected to
see trump and trumpism rejected at the
ballot box I think that's important
because if it doesn't happen the only
thing that they can believe is that the
rest of us are ok with it
I know that's not really an answer to
your question you know other than no I
don't think it's wrong I mean yeah it
violates the philosophy but that's the
philosophy that's the goal that's where
we want to get to it's not where we're
at and right now there are people who
could benefit from your support now to
go back a couple weeks to answer a
question I haven't got to yet no I don't
think that voting for a third party is
acting as a spoiler your obligation your
moral obligation if you are going to
prove participate in voting is to vote
your conscience that's where it ends
that's where it ends you know it's sad
that the base is already this this
lackluster in support but a whole lot of
people asked the waiter for a hundred
proof bottle of truth and the waiter
brought back trump light so there are a
lot of questions anyway it's just a
thought I have a good day